we are moving into a state of
totalitarian control those at the top
controlling everything and everyone else
gets the crumbs you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you in
today's video I'm going to make the case
for why we are headed into more
difficult times there are things that
you can do as an individual but please
do not expect those that are supposedly
voted in actually made making a
beneficial decision for you they're not
going to create progress they're not
going to make it easy it is simply that
we need to take care of things on our
own and what we have control over the
first thing we need to discuss is what
they call degrowth this sounds like
something coming out of the world
economic Forum you will own nothing and
be happy but check this out degrowth
holds that there will always be a
correlation between economic output and
carbon emissions so the best way to
fight climate change is for wealthy
Nations I want to stop there wealthy
Nations not wealthy people to cut back
on consumption and reduce the material
throughput that creates demand for
energy and drives
GDP you see what's happening here these
as they say particularly in Europe and
academic circles this movement has
started to catch on
your life is too extravagant your life
has too much abundance and so the
wealthy nations take from the overall
world because remember if you earn
$40,000 a year on a global scale you're
doing extremely well but of course where
you live it's probably not exactly what
you would call Rich so they want to
balance everything out when that makes
no sense if you live in you know Silicon
Valley area or you live in the middle of
nowhere I think there's going to be a
different cost of living things have to
sort of find a balance to some degree
but there's some people somewhere that
are ultimately deciding what you can and
cannot have this is shocking and I'm
going to show you different examples of
the things that we are walking straight
into the price of everything has gone up
I'll show you a couple examples Toronto
City Council approves 99.5% property tax
hike 99.5% in a year what do you think
that does to people oh they said it's
only going to be 80 cents a day sure
Florida condo owners dump units over six
figure special assessments that's one
thing they've got of course the rising
Insurance costs you know it you see it
all the time Home Remodeling activity in
the US dips in the first first quarter
of
2024 people perhaps have had enough
they're kind of just waiting and seeing
I want interest rates to come down it is
not what it once was let me tell you
okay this is just showing us this
different cities of the world that are
the best for startups and I think that
when you look at different cities some
will actually encourage business some
will encourage growth some will
encourage one thing or another and we
want to be in the right place for us
that might be completely different for
somebody else if somebody's working in
the oil industry well you've got to be
in a certain spot don't you but if
you're not if you're working in Tech
well maybe Silicon Valley is the best
place for you to be right so it really
all depends and I want to talk more
about jobs look at this a new study by
job seeking website ladders found that
high paying remote jobs fell nearly 60%
while hybrid job availability fell 95 %
over the past year now that's a sample
of course we always see that but for
those looking for more than
$250,000 or more only 4% of those jobs
are available for remote work a year ago
it was 10% they want people coming back
into the office the days of completely
remote work especially with a higher
salary uh are
dwindling things are changing in the job
market it's becoming tighter it's
becoming more stringent how employees
are quiet vacationing while on the job
it's not quite quiet quitting and it
isn't exactly a hush trip quiet
vacationing is more of a work workaround
that's right you do nothing at all and
your employer still pays you uh what's
Happening Here the employers know
exactly what's going on um I I remember
seeing this myself working for a big
establishment you had your key cards
right you had to access the building and
access all these different locations
within the building with your key card
and your key card is of course tied to
their system they know when you got in
the building they know when you went to
the washroom they know all these things
it's all there for them and you can't
lie to them they know all these details
oh no I was here really late well no
okay because you left at 4:00 all right
so they have all this information what
are they waiting for they're waiting to
fire you they're waiting to fire you
when the time comes when Ai and robot
can simply do that job that's the way it
goes and with AI as you can see it right
here we expect a 40% Cula growth in
power consumption over the next over the
coming 10 years with 8% stemming from
traditional and AI data centers so I'm
going to go into this in depth for all
those on the finance Friday crew I want
to give you a shout out we're going to
talk all about this I'm going to expand
on this a lot actually this one and the
next one I'll show you uh so stay tuned
for that but looking at this you can see
there's going to be so much uh power
consumption this is talking about Europe
in particular uh but the same Trends
everywhere in data centers uh AI buold
case European power consumption Rises by
50% think about this they have a power
issue okay remember what happened just a
couple years ago oh we're going to cut
Russia off but oops we forgot to figure
out our own power
yeah that's right and the prices went
through the roof no warning to the
average individual suffering anyway this
is the deal you know AI robotics
automation power these are the big
trends cooling these are all huge Trends
and where are we going the countries
with the highest density of robot
workers you know that I mean South Korea
leading the charge on that
but overall we are going to see more and
more and more robots doing things more
energy required and a big change to the
way we do things as a whole where are we
headed well is it Huxley is it
Orwell I don't know but I can tell you
that it's got elements of both and it's
got elements of other things that we've
seen it's kind of wild this is just an
interesting infographic but what can I
tell you about this is that we are
moving into a more difficult time okay
this this is what I tried to tell
everybody more difficult time upon us
and for a lot of people they are simply
just doing their you know what what they
were doing last year what they were
doing 5 years ago they're doing it now
and that is a recipe for disaster we
need to be tough we need to be dedicated
and we need to devote more and more and
more time into becoming prepared I have
the pillars of prosperity two things
number one try to increase your income
as best you can and number two is trying
to actually become prepared
self-sufficient to some degree do do you
have to be completely off the grid or
whatever no but I'm just telling you
that the more of those two things that
you do the better off the better off but
of course not just making more money
then going to the casino and spending it
no we have to do the right things with
the income that we have we need to
geographically diversify that income or
we're going to be crushed you can see
what's happening here
degrowth
degrowth have you ever heard of this
concept before maybe I hadn't and then I
see this and of course it connects in
with all these other things snub the
bathtub what about that SN you can
search that online snub the bathtub
Prince Charles when he was the prince
all right so-called
Prince he said that look this is wasting
a lot of energy me the guy with 120 2
servants is telling
people reg you you can't even you go in
the bathtub because that's going to
waste too much energy you need to shut
up and you need to stop asking for
heated water okay like
the the level of respect that the
average person gets is essentially
nonexistent that's what happening today
you are becoming squeezed in every way
by what they're doing to you by the
expenses that they push on you and it's
shocking to me okay so learn about the
pillars of prosperity you you can search
pillars of prosperity the money GPS
that's there I have compass on my
website totally 100% free the money
gps.com you click on that first link it
says Compass it's a financial education
course no sign up no email no upsells
nothing just get the financial education
you need and that is a very sharable
link the money gps.com Compass because
it doesn't have my YouTube it doesn't
have any emails you just know you know
you got a family a friend whatever you
just send them that link send them that
link they don't have to see anything
related to the Federal Reserve no
YouTube no none of that it's just videos
easy to read easy to go through okay and
then of course for people who want to
actually know much more in depth I have
um my live sessions which are Friday and
Sunday if you're interested in that
there's a link at the top of this
description and as always I'll see you
tomorrow take care